Pitch: Financial insecurity is the No. 1 reason survivors of domestic violence remain in or return to abuse. In order to break the cycle of violence, we must remove obstacles to financial security for survivors. To that end, FreeFrom (https://www.freefrom.org/) is developing an interactive calculator for their website. It will be an empathy and awareness-building calculator to help those not experiencing violence understand how much it would cost for them to leave their lives. It will include prompts to help users understand and identify the relevant costs.

MVP:
*A person interested in learning more about domestic violence can come to the page and insert their data into the online calculator.
*There will be two steps to the calculator, a personal monthly budget to determine what costs they need to cover, and a way to calculate the costs of relocating
*the monthly personal budget will allow them to enter their ongoing unavoidable costs they might have while trying to relocate. The fields include Transportation, Food, Health Insurance, car insurance, health car, car loans, personal loans, and other expenses
*The relocation costs include: Daily hotel costs while in transit (if applicable, nightly rate * 30), new rental deposit, utility connection fees, storage unit, new monthly rent (if they already know this number), car rental and gas (if don't own a car), cell phone disconnection/connect fee (if they have to get a new number), moving truck rental, gas for moving truck, storage unit if unable to take their things with them, mental health treatment, income loss (what they are loosing by leaving their current job), cost of any additional security measures they must take
*After they have entered these fields, a page will show up combining their total monthly expenses plus the monthly cost of relocation.
